today was awesome July 9th is my
birthday and with all of the amazing
support we've been given on this channel
we thought would shift that attention
towards people that need it more than us
our goal raise 500 dollars for a
homeless shelter within 24 hours so we
spent the entire morning messaging
friends and family through social media
when you that our best shot would be
online but we also knew that it would
not be enough so we decided to do
something else we've never done before
and go out on the streets with a guitar
and busk for money hache glutes big will
you spit up and pictured we went on the
streets of Montreal with the big sign
some attention-seeking clothes a guitar
and our smiles thank you everybody for
your donations you're so kind
it's so kind today was Thomas's birthday
and we went out in the streets in the
clay we look ridiculous but that's okay
we were able to raise nearly five
hundred five hundred dollars and now we
feel pretty clean thank you thank you
thank you thank you you were so great we
busted for several hours and came back
with over $80.00 while walking home we
thought our mission had fallen short but
to our great surprise we had raised four
hundred forty-five dollars online by the
time we were back our mission was a
success here is a total of five hundred
thirty-seven dollars which will all go
to a homeless shelter called welcome
halt nation of Montreal so thank you so
much for everyone who donated in the
streets and to all of you who donated
online thank you're just a Fister thank
you to Camila Bragg my sister thank you
to my parents
Helena and Frederick Bragg thank you to
Jane Hepzibah regulatory menace thank
you to Victor Mota
thank you I meant you soon Shawn Lee
Toni de jure Darcy Williams Station
Clements and Nicolas Lapage and thank
you to all the anonymous donors that
helped us reach this goal it's been an
awesome day and I'll see you tomorrow
Oh